Miss Qin
You are not as humble as outsiders have heard.
Arish
You are the heir to the first family in Magic City
How could you do such a thing?
Something.
Don't need to do it yourself
Someone will do it for you.
Like what?
Your family.
That's not possible.
How is it impossible
I'll tell you what.
Stay away from me
Or I'll put you in jail tomorrow
If I don't
You know, I've been out of your sight now.
Nope.
Ah!
I will be him today
Let me take a look for a while, you will laugh.
Mother tea is not sick in my room
I was already forced
I didn't give the medicine either
I didn't arrange the meal either
I already told you
Between you and me
It's not about two people
So what if you don't like me?
Even if I marry you
I don't mean it either.
Does it make sense?
So what?
Call
hit
I'll see who can answer your call
Why doesn't your family answer your phone?